This is a simple static content project with very mimimal glue to piece
some existing tools together. I think that it's quite a nice way to manage
it, but obviously most of you will have different preferences. Regardless
even I admit there is much room for improvement to get it to a system that
is usable by the entire population with mimimal effort (which should be
our goal). If you are a software developer then you'll likely be able to
make sense of the Makefile to start at least, but even if you aren't
that's a good place to look at how I manage this project. Contributions
are welcome to either the project architecture and tooling, the truth
(i.e., the bindings), or the content/ideas themselves.

You can submit pull requests back to the "hive mind" repo or submit
patches to us any other way that you know how. If you find the
technologies used to be a hindrance to your participation then you are
encouraged to complain loudly, but also don't hesitate to try to submit
your changes in plain English (or any other language that a contributor is
willing to help out in). No well-intended efforts will be refused even if
mistakes are made, but if I don't share the same vision as you I may
require you to meet the project's standards (which includes my standards)
before I will accept contributions that I don't understand. In that case
feel free to seek out help to complete your work if need be. I envision
this being a project that could grow to epic proportions. And if you feel
that I am doing an inadequate job of maintaining it then you may exercise
your rights and freedoms to fork.

Signatures are also welcome. Signatures are meant to represent your
affirmation that you support the project and agree with the truths in it.
I recommend identifying the version of the file(s) that you are signing
since it is composed from living documents and untruths (or untruths in
your world view) can be introduced at any time. If the document is buggy
(i.e., you don't agree with it) then your contributions can be suggestions
to make it less buggy.
